Operations plugin (#234)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: README.md

- [`ariadne_codegen.contrib.shorter_results.ShorterResultsPlugin`](ariadne_codegen/contrib/shorter_results.py) - This plugin processes generated client methods for operations where only single top field is requested, so they return this field's value directly instead of operation's result type. For example get_user method generated for query `GetUser() { user(...) { ... }}` will return value of user field directly instead of `GetUserResult`.

> - [`ariadne_codegen.contrib.operations.OperationsPlugin`](ariadne_codegen/contrib/operations.py) - This plugin generates an `operations.py` module with definitions for all query strings. It also modifies the generated client to use these definitions instead of creating separate ones. Generated module name is configurable through `operations_module_name` (defaults to `operations`) in `[tool.ariadne-codegen.operations]` section, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ariadne_codegen.contrib.operations.OperationsPlugin`](ariadne_codegen/contrib/operations.py) - This extracts query strings from generated client's methods into separate `operations.py` module. It also modifies the generated client to import these definitions. Generated module name can be customized by adding `operations_module_name="custom_name"` to the `[tool.ariadne-codegen.operations]` section in config. Eg.:
```
